Add Apicurio catalog documentation (#198)
aklivity/zilla-docs: src/reference/config/catalogs/catalog-apicurio.md

---
shortTitle: apicurio
description: Zilla runtime apicurio catalog
category:
  - Catalog
---

# apicurio Catalog

::: important Feature is in Incubator
Read how to [enable incubator features](../../../how-tos/install.md#enable-incubator-features). Star and watch the [Zilla repo](https://github.com/aklivity/zilla/releases) for new releases!
:::

Zilla runtime apicurio catalog

```yaml {2}
catalog:
  type: apicurio
  options:
    url: http://localhost:8080
    group-id: schemas
```

## Summary

> Defines a catalog with schemas, AsyncAPI/OpenAPI definitions pulled from a remote registry to enforce validation or create APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines a catalog with schemas pulled from an [Apicurio Registry](https://www.apicur.io/registry/) to enforce validation or create APIs.
```
